src/app/work/projects/don-perignon-four-seasons-dinner.mdx, before:

---
title: "Don Perignon x Four Seasons"
subtitle: "Corporate · Brands"
publishedAt: "2025-03-12"
summary: "An exclusive private dinner captured at Four Seasons Ko Olina for Don Perignon — blending fine dining, atmosphere, and storytelling photography."
images:
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-03.jpg"
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-04.jpg"
team:
  - name: "David Cárdenas"
    role: "Photographer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
link: "/work/don-perignon-four-seasons-dinner"
---

## Overview

An intimate private dinner hosted by **Don Perignon** at the **Four Seasons Resort Ko Olina**, captured through a refined documentary lens.  
The event brought together fine dining, artful presentation, and emotional storytelling — blending elegance with intimacy in every frame.

My goal was to preserve the ambiance: reflections of candlelight on crystal glass, textures of champagne bubbles, and the spontaneous gestures of guests immersed in the moment.

---

## Approach

Working under low-light conditions, I focused on using available light and subtle composition to preserve the natural atmosphere.  
No flash, no interruptions — just observation and timing.  
Each frame was shot handheld to retain a cinematic, breathing quality, staying true to the visual rhythm of the evening.

---

## Highlights

- **Client:** Don Perignon  
- **Location:** Four Seasons Resort Ko Olina, Hawaii  
- **Mood:** Elegant, cinematic, intimate  
- **Deliverables:** 20 curated stills + 1-minute highlight video  

---

## Reflections

Luxury photography is not about perfection — it’s about capturing authenticity within elegance.  
This project taught me to balance precision and emotion, to translate the subtle energy of a private experience into timeless imagery.

---

*“Light, texture, and timing — the silent trilogy that defines true luxury storytelling.”*

Commit message:

Update Don Perignon project overview and gallery images

src/app/work/projects/don-perignon-four-seasons-dinner.mdx, after:

---
title: "Don Perignon x Four Seasons"
subtitle: "Corporate · Brands"
publishedAt: "2025-03-12"
summary: "An exclusive champagne dinner hosted at Mina’s Fish House, Four Seasons Ko Olina, celebrating the launch of a new Don Perignon release."
images:
  - "/images/projects/don-perignon/cover-01.jpg"
team:
  - name: "David Cárdenas"
    role: "Photographer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
link: "/work/don-perignon-four-seasons-dinner"
---

## Overview

An exclusive private dinner hosted at **Mina’s Fish House**, one of Oahu’s most renowned restaurants, located within **Four Seasons Resort Ko Olina**.  
The evening was curated around the launch and tasting of a new **Don Perignon** release, blending fine dining, design, and atmosphere into a refined, intimate experience.

The series captures the essence of the night through subtle moments — champagne poured under warm light, curated table details, and guests fully immersed in the rhythm of the evening.

---

## Gallery

<LightboxGrid
  columns={2}
  images={[
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00001.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00002.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00003.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00004.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00005.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00006.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00007.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00008.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00009.jpg",
    "/images/projects/don-perignon/image-00010.jpg",
  ]}
/>
