src/app/work/projects/resort-portraits-behind-the-luxury.mdx, before:

---
title: "Resort Stories — The Kahala & Beyond"
publishedAt: "2025-05-01"
summary: "A visual exploration of life across Hawaii’s luxury resorts — natural light, emotion, and atmosphere."
images:
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-02.jpg"  # portada ya incluida en la plantilla
  - "/images/projects/project-01/image-03.jpg"  # extra ya incluido
team:
  - name: "David Cárdenas"
    role: "Photographer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
    linkedIn: ""
link: "/work/kahala-resort-dolphin-documentary"
---

## Overview

**Resort Stories** is an ongoing visual journal exploring the intersection between people, light, and place across Hawaii’s most iconic resorts — including *The Kahala*, *Four Seasons Ko Olina*, and *Marriott Ko Olina*.  
Each image captures quiet moments of connection: early-morning walks, families reuniting under sunset light, or couples framed by the ocean’s stillness.

This series celebrates natural light and atmosphere over perfection — a way to document real emotion in curated environments, turning everyday resort life into quiet, cinematic fragments.

---

## Approach

My approach is rooted in observation rather than direction.  
I shoot primarily during golden and blue hours, chasing reflections, silhouettes, and textures that communicate serenity.  
The emphasis is on emotion, composition, and honest light — using minimal gear to remain invisible to the moment.

---

## Highlights

- **Locations:** The Kahala Resort, Four Seasons Ko Olina, Marriott’s Ko Olina Beach Club  
- **Subjects:** Families, couples, weddings, behind-the-scenes of resort life  
- **Style:** Natural light, minimal retouching, warm tones, cinematic framing  
- **Status:** Ongoing series

---

## Upcoming Project

A short documentary in collaboration with **The Kahala Resort**, focusing on the *Dolphin Quest* program — exploring the relationship between trainers and dolphins through empathy, care, and connection.

---

*“Photography becomes most powerful when it doesn’t announce itself — when it simply feels like presence.”*

Commit message:

Update title for Resort Portraits project

src/app/work/projects/resort-portraits-behind-the-luxury.mdx, after:

---
title: "Resort Portraits — Life Behind the Luxury"
publishedAt: "2025-05-10"
summary: "A visual essay capturing authentic moments across Hawaii’s most iconic resorts — where light, emotion, and atmosphere meet hospitality."
images:
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-02.jpg"
  - "/images/projects/project-01/image-03.jpg"
team:
  - name: "David Cárdenas"
    role: "Photographer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
    linkedIn: ""
link: "/work/resort-portraits-behind-the-luxury"
---

## Overview

**Resort Portraits** is an ongoing collection of images created across Hawaii’s leading destinations — including *Four Seasons Ko Olina*, *The Kahala Resort*, *Ritz-Carlton Turtle Bay*, and *Marriott’s Ko Olina Beach Club*.  
Each session reveals the quiet connection between people and place — from families reuniting under golden sunsets to staff preparing spaces that breathe calm and precision.

This series celebrates atmosphere and authenticity within curated environments, capturing real emotion within the elegance of resort life.

---

## Approach

I approach each resort as a living environment rather than a backdrop.  
The light, architecture, and guests all interact in their own rhythm — and my role is to listen visually.  
Every image is guided by intuition, timing, and respect for the moment.

I shoot handheld, often during transitional light — early mornings and dusk — to create warmth, depth, and natural emotion.

---

## Highlights

- **Resorts:** Four Seasons Ko Olina, The Kahala Resort, Ritz-Carlton Turtle Bay, Marriott’s Ko Olina  
- **Subjects:** Families, couples, hospitality staff, editorial scenes  
- **Style:** Natural light, cinematic tones, human-centered storytelling  
- **Deliverables:** Resort campaigns, guest photography, editorial features  

---

## Reflections

Working across these properties has refined my ability to find authenticity within luxury.  
Beyond architecture and beauty, it’s about presence — waiting for light to shape a story and people to forget the camera.

---

*“Luxury fades. Emotion doesn’t.”*
